README.md, before:

# *CamLock*
## Description/Motivation

Your formally written project proposal description, and why it is useful/interesting/fun goes here. Try to be as descriptive as possible, as we will be discussing your project ideas during the brainstorming in class.

### Prerequisites

What is likely to be needed to install and to run *YourProposedProjectName* go here. If nothing is required (i.e. it is a website), state so.

## Built With

- [afreamework1](http://www.aframework1.io/): A framework that is likly to be used goes here.
- [afreamework2](http://www.aframework2.io/): A second framework that is likly to be used goes here.
- IDE, if applicable

## Author

- **Your name**: *YourProposadProjectName* [yourLinkedIn or yourGithub profile](https://adrress)

## Documents

- [concept.md](R01.concept.proposal.md) 

## Acknowledgments

- If you find code that you are going to use in YourProjectName, include author's name and URL here.
- all who inspired the idea and/or the code in YourProjectName
- other people you wish to acknowledge

## License (not required initially)

This project is licensed under the ??? License - see the wiki page (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_license) for details

Commit message:

added scope and vision. Started requirements.

README.md, after:

# *CamLock*
## App designed to preserve a recording session during interactions as well as the resulting video

Your formally written project proposal description, and why it is useful/interesting/fun goes here. Try to be as descriptive as possible, as we will be discussing your project ideas during the brainstorming in class.

### Scope 

 Camlock is a recording application, so a stable recording session with minimal crashes. Anything outside of a basic camera preview and maybe basic low light capabilities or other context useful camera settings are out of scope. A video gallery will be necessary with the ability to view, delete, or export videos. Any other editing functionality would be out of scope. The recording itself will have some sort of verbose logging or other watermarking, any other modifications are out of scope. Livestreaming is a feature I anticipate stakeholders may want.

### Vision

My project gives people a more secure way to hold others accountable. At the conclusion of my project, I anticipate a more transparent world and increased safety. Users will be able to protect themselves in dangerous or unlawful encounters and the perpetrators will have a more difficult time covering up their actions or discrediting evidence of their actions.

### Prerequisites

- Intellij IDEA
- Android Emulator

## Built With

- [Intellij IDEA](http://www.aframework1.io/): A framework that is likly to be used goes here.
- [Android Studio](http://www.aframework2.io/): A second framework that is likly to be used goes here.
- IDE, if applicable

## Author

- **Johnathan West**: *CamLock* [yourLinkedIn or yourGithub profile](https://adrress)

## Documents

- [concept.md](R01.concept.proposal.md) 
- <requirements.md>

## Acknowledgments

- If you find code that you are going to use in YourProjectName, include author's name and URL here.
- all who inspired the idea and/or the code in YourProjectName
- other people you wish to acknowledge

## License (not required initially)

This project is licensed under the ??? License - see the wiki page (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_license) for details
